Hello and welcome back so of course I'm Tablo.
And Congratulations on completing this course.
And this this is you.
You're a daughter rockstar.
Well Dan if I could send you this last that I totally would.
You have so deserved it.
You have been through all or at least most of the sections have done all these exercises learning these
new techniques and skills and methods of viz..
And I really hope that now you're feeling very confident in your power to work of using Tablo.
And I also hope that you enjoyed the journey along the way that we had in this course and what we're
going to do today is I'm going to jump behind the computer and we will look through a list of topics
that we covered often just refresh on the key takeaways that we have from the different sections.
And then I'll jump right back here and wish you farewell on your journey into the world of data.
So let's get straight into it.
All right back behind the computer here and in front of us we've got the sections of the course listed
.
So sections 2 to 7 and we're going to break them down into these three categories.
So I've actually really analyzed the lectures and I will present you information.
Kind of like a map where you can find which type of information which section so whether or not there
was information relating to Joy joining daughter connecting to daughter creating extracts within a certain
section.
That's the red category blue category conceptual means things like creating calculated fields and how
Tablo works in the background and the fundamentals of Tablo.
And finally the green category is information within a section where you all were we looked at a new
way of visualizing data where there is a bar chart a pie chart or we worked with dashboard so the aspects
of our work that affect the visual representation of data.
So let's have a look at that section to Table of basics.
Your first bar chart here we connect to a CACP file so that's our daughter category in the conceptual
category we've got to calculate feel when she you start right away at the start of the course and then
in visualization we learn to how to do a bar chart how to add colors labels formatting and exporting
.
Next in section 3 we learned how to connect an excel file and we learned how to do.
Data extracts in terms of in terms of conceptual information about Tablo her works we learned how to
visualize a time series as a measure and as a dimension.
So there's two different ways we learned about aggregation and granularity so that granularity of your
view is dependent on the items that you have dragged into that view and aggregation happens at the granularity
of your view.
So a very important section that we learned to add filters and we learned how to operate quick filters
.
Next in the visualization category we've got line charts shapes to show me functionality.
We create an area chart and we learn how to use highlighting to our advantage when we're investigating
data for trends and anomalies and so on.
So that was quite a quite a packed section lots of new information there.
Section number four we learnt daughter joins in the data category in the conceptual Category 1.
Quite a lot because we started working with our first dashboard so we had hierarchy's which is relating
mostly to maps but you can also definitely can and should use hierarchies in other situations when hierarchies
are present in your data will learn how to apply a filter to multiple sheets which is also useful when
creating dashboards and then in terms of dashboards we learn how to add charts or dashboards how to
add a quick filter how to add in action filters.
So making our dashboard interactive and via filtering and also how to make our dashboard interactive
by highlighting I really learned the difference between the filter action the highlight action and how
they differ in the background of tablet while they can produce very different results at time and visualization
.
We learned how to create a map.
We learned how to play circles onto that map.
We learned how to create a scatterplot.
And we also learned about Dashboard layouts how to add different worksheets to a dashboard and how to
operate where they're located on that dashboard.
So that was an interesting section because we introduced dashboards for the first time.
Then we kind of took a step aside and we focused on the data side of things a daughter theory we learned
about the join theory so completely from scratch even if you have no idea about what Joines are in this
section we picked that up.
We learned about blending data and finally the showdown.
We looked adjoining versus blending data.
A very interesting topic which a lot of people underestimate the power of.
So it's always good to get this covered off in terms of your foundation of Tablo in terms of conceptual
will learn how to create calculated fields in a blend that's more of an advance topic which you will
definitely need at some point so whenever you do need it come back.
Review this course.
Watch that lecture because it will really help you out when you're creating Calcott fields and using
two different data sources which have been blended and in terms of visualization we added a new visualization
item a dual axis chart.
It's a very powerful feature of Tablo because it allows you to save space.
You can put one chart behind the other.
It also allows you to compare them visually or their user to compare them visually when they're together
.
And very important as Susie create a dual axis chart.
Don't forget to centralize the axes because that's a lot of a lot of mistakes are made that way in table
.
We also covered that off in this section and then we went onto the heavy artillery.
We talked about advanced Dasch boarding table calculations storytelling in section 6.
So in terms of conceptual we learned about a geographic roles how you can tell Tablo which items in
your data are actually Geographic roles if it doesn't pick them up automatically we'll learn about table
calculations.
A very powerful feature probably because conceivably a lot of manual work it can calculate the percentage
of total running totals all different types of moving averages calculations that have to be done across
your table.
We'll learn about that.
We learn how to create Binz in Tablo and Binz we need them for distributions.
And that is a very easy procedure to create bins and we also learned how to use parameters to our advantage
in Tablo to make our dashboards very easily adjustable and that also helps with the process of data
discovery.
And finally in terms of his position in the section we learned about a field map we learned how to create
a pie chart with Learn how to create distributions and how to create a tree map.
And we talked about storylines and how you can create a storyline to present to your audience.
And finally in Section 7 and section to make sure we cover off all the data preparation steps because
our data operation is indeed a very heavy and intensive part of our work as a scientists might take
up to 70 percent of our time.
And so Tableau can make your daughter preparation much easier if you use the following tools that we
discussed.
These are the daughter interpretor in Tablo which can read your daughter and tell you where it thinks
the headers are and with things her daughter is the pivot which allows you to quickly pivot your daughter
while you're connecting to it in Tablo.
The advantage of a splitting call them so very powerful when you can't manipulate your data set when
is for example coming from a database or somewhere you can split things like name and surname into separate
columns.
The metadata grid which allows you to polish up the presentation of your data change column names and
see where everything's coming from so kind of like a control center for your daughter connection and
fixing up map areas.
We also talked about that what errors can come up and that in maps and how you can easily fix them in
Tablo.
All right.
Hope that was helpful.
You can find this PowerPoint presentation in your course resources and that will help you always to
remember where which topics are covered off and if you need to refresh on something you can always come
back to the right section very quickly.
So those are the topics we covered off and I really hope that you had fun learning in this course and
if it did enjoy my teaching self then this doesn't have to be a goodbye.
You can always take on my other courses.
It's very easy to do you just need to go to my profile and you'll see all the courses I have on offer
and perhaps there's some other skill that you would like to learn.
It would be very exciting to see in my other courses.
And don't forget to leave a review for this course.
I look forward to seeing you next then.
Until then I'd be analyzing